- Hey guys.
(playful music)
So there's a lot more of you
now than there used to be
because that video that I
did about looking like a slut
kind of got featured everywhere.
So that's cool.
Hello, if you're new.
Welcome, I don't always
talk about things like that.
And today we're talking about books.
So that's cool.
That's what we're gonna do today.
And I hope you like it and stick around.
So I got this really cool looking package
in the post recently from Hot Key Books.
And it arrived about a week
ago, but I've been away
and busy and it's just been lying there
and tempting me, but I
thought that I would wait
until I could film to open it.
So I've no idea what's inside it.
And it's been tormenting
me for the last week.
And I'm excited that
I can finally open it.
I recently moved to London
and these are the only books
that I've managed to carry
down from Manchester at the moment.
So, my bookshelf is looking really sparse,
so hopefully this will
make it more exciting.
Let's open this.
Oooo, okay, so the first thing
I see is Dawn O'Porter's book
"Paper Aeroplanes, the
Story of Friendship".
I quite like Dawn O'Porter.
She's a cool, British celebrity
that talks about sex
and feminism and stuff.
"Thoughtful, introspective
Flo couldn't be more different
"to extroverted sexually curious Renee."
I think I'm Renee.
(laughing)
"But what they have in common runs deep.
"Loneliness, frustration
and a longing for escape
"from their dysfunctional families."
Cool!
I'll put that somewhere.
Nailed it.
Next.
Oh wait, I've got a note.
"Hi hun, I hope you enjoy them
"and you're settling in London, Jen."
Thanks, Jen!
Oh, another Dawn O'Porter.
"Goose".
"Renee and Flo are 18."
(gasps) They're getting older.
Exciting.
"As Red as Blood" by Salla Simukka.
This looks scary.
"Lumikki Andersson is familiar
with secrets and lies.
"But she also has a rule
"not to mind other people's business.
"When she discovers a lot of money
"hanging blood stained
in her school dark room"
(gasps) "that rule is
put sharply to the test."
Ooo, it's set in Finland.
"Criminal underworld,
dangerous web of corruption,
"deceit and murder."
Ooo, that looks cool.
- [Voiceover] I wanna read that--
- Yeah. (laughing)
Dodie's here.
- [Dodie] Hey!
- "Vivian Versus the
Apocalypse" by Katie Coyle.
Ooo is this gonna be some like,
post apocalyptic fun thing?
"Vivian Apple never believed
in the church of America,
"unlike her fanatical parents.
"And as for the so-called
impending rapture,
"she knew she'd believe
that when she saw it."
Okay great, I'm really good at--
- [Dodie] She said she's believe
that when she saw it, yep.
- (laughing) Is this, is that a sentence?
I'm really confused.
Nice!
Oh, it smells good as well.
Um, hold on, it's just.
Yeah.
- [Dodie] (laughing)
It sounds like the way you (mumbling).
- Yeah, do you not sniff books?
It's so good, come in here.
Sniff a book.
I can't believe you're not a book sniffer.
- This is gonna be, oh.
(laughing)
- Get down.
Sniff the book.
- Ah, that's good.
Especially the ends in the background.
I'm kinda just.
(laughing)
- No, oh no I'm so small.
(sputters) Get off, get off me.
Get off me, great!
Vivian and the Apocalypse, sounds cool.
And finally, ooo "We Were Liars".
I've read this already.
And I like it a lot.
- [Dodie] It's so good.
- Have you read it?
- [Dodie] Yeah.
- Yeah.
Very good book.
I already have a copy
of this, so giveaway?
- [Dodie] Yes!
So, wait how should we do this?
What should the rules be?
If you wanna win this I
will send it to you in post
and I'll ship worldwide, I don't care.
It's gonna be a Twitter competition,
'cause then it's easier for
me to get in touch with you.
So, go follow me on Twitter and tweet me
which of these books I should read first
and your opinions on them.
Use the hashtag Hannahisaliar
and so I will be able to
see all of the entries
and then I will pick one of you
and I will announce the winner on Twitter
and then I will DM the winner.
So make sure you follow me,
so I can DM you.
Cool, thanks for Hot Key Books
for all of these wonderful books
to add to my empty bookshelf.
So thank you.
I wanna start doing more book videos,
so let me know if you like this.
Because I wanna be more book.
Please like this video if you liked it.
And I'll see you soon, bye.
(playful music)